Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-Sprocket-cal/Pods-Sprocket-cal-acknowledgements.markdown, before:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AFNetworking

Copyright (c) 2011–2016 Alamofire Software Foundation (http://alamofire.org/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## CocoaLumberjack

Software License Agreement (BSD License)

Copyright (c) 2010-2015, Deusty, LLC
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above
  copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
  following disclaimer.

* Neither the name of Deusty nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without specific prior
  written permission of Deusty, LLC.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

## FlickrKit

{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww18720\viewh10740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 **David Casserly / DevedUp Ltd Source Code License**\
\
Last updated: 12th June 2013\
\
Firstly, thanks to Matt Gemmel for producing this file.\
\
Thanks for downloading some of our source code!\
\
This is the license agreement for the source code which this document accompanies (don\'92t worry: you\'92re allowed to use it in your own products, commercial or otherwise).\
\
The full license text is further down this page, and you should only use the source code if you agree to the terms in that text. For convenience, though, we\'92ve put together a human-readable **non-authoritative** interpretation of the license which will hopefully answer any questions you have.\
\
<span style="color:green">Green</span> text shows <span style="color:green">what you can do with the code</span>.\
\
<span style="color:red">Red</span> text means <span style="color:red">restrictions you must abide by</span>.\
\
Basically, the license says that:\
\
1. You can <span style="color:green">use the code in your own products, including commercial and/or closed-source products</span>.\
2. You can <span style="color:green">modify the code</span> as you wish, and <span style="color:green">use the modified code in your products</span>.\
3. You can <span style="color:green">redistribute the original, unmodified code</span>, but you <span style="color:red">have to include the full license text below</span>.\
4. You can <span style="color:green">redistribute the modified code</span> as you wish (<span style="color:red">without the full license text below**).\
5. In all cases, you <span style="color:red">must include a credit mentioning David Casserly</span> as the original author of the source.\
6. David Casserly is not liable for anything you do with the code, no matter what. So be sensible.\
7. You <span style="color:red">can\'92t use the name David Casserly, the name DevedUp Ltd, the DevedUp Ltd logo or any other related marks to promote your products</span> based on the code.\
8. If you agree to all of that, go ahead and use the source. Otherwise, don\'92t!\
\
**Suggested Attribution Format**\
\
The license requires that you give credit to David Casserly, as the original author of any of our source that you use. The placement and format of the credit is up to you, but we prefer the credit to be in the software\'92s \'93About\'94 window. Alternatively, you could put the credit in a list of acknowledgements within the software, in the software\'92s documentation, or on the web page for the software. The suggested format for the attribution is:\
\
**Includes &lt;Name of Code&gt; code by **[**David Casserly**](http://www.devedup.com)**, DevedUp Ltd.**\
\
where &lt;Name of Code&gt; would be replaced by the name of the specific source-code package you made use of. Where possible, please link the text \'93David Casserly\'94 to the following URL, or include the URL as plain text: [http://www.devedup.com](http://mattgemmell.com/)\
\
**Full Source Code License Text**\
\
Below you can find the actual text of the license agreement.\
\
**License Agreement for Source Code provided by David Casserly**\
\
This software is supplied to you by David Casserly in consideration of your agreement to the following terms, and your use, installation, modification or redistribution of this software constitutes acceptance of these terms. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use, install, modify or redistribute this software.\
\
In consideration of your agreement to abide by the following terms, and subject to these terms, David Casserly grants you a personal, non-exclusive license, to use, reproduce, modify and redistribute the software, with or without modifications, in source and/or binary forms; provided that if you redistribute the software in its entirety and without modifications, you must retain this notice and the following text and disclaimers in all such redistributions of the software, and that in all cases attribution of David Casserly as the original author of the source code shall be included in all such resulting software products or distributions.  \
\
Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of David Casserly or DevedUp Ltd may be used to endorse or promote products derived from the software without specific prior written permission from David Casserly. Except as expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or implied, are granted by David Casserly herein, including but not limited to any patent rights that may be infringed by your derivative works or by other works in which the software may be incorporated.\
\
The software is provided by David Casserly on an "AS IS" basis. DAVID CASSERLY AND DEVEDUP LTD MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS.\
\
IN NO EVENT SHALL DAVID CASSERLY OR DEVEDUP LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF DAVID CASSERLY OR DEVEDUP LTD HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.}

## GoogleAnalytics-iOS-SDK

Copyright 2009 - 2015 Google, Inc. All rights reserved.

## HPPhotoProvider

Copyright (c) 2014 Hewlett-Packard <support@hp.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## MobilePrintSDK

Copyright (c) 2015 HP Inc. <print-sdk@hp.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## TTTAttributedLabel

Copyright (c) 2011 Mattt Thompson (http://mattt.me/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org

Commit message:

[US5142] Installing Urban Airship pod

Pods/Target Support Files/Pods-Sprocket-cal/Pods-Sprocket-cal-acknowledgements.markdown, after:

# Acknowledgements
This application makes use of the following third party libraries:

## AFNetworking

Copyright (c) 2011–2016 Alamofire Software Foundation (http://alamofire.org/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## CocoaLumberjack

Software License Agreement (BSD License)

Copyright (c) 2010-2015, Deusty, LLC
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use of this software in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above
  copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
  following disclaimer.

* Neither the name of Deusty nor the names of its
  contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
  derived from this software without specific prior
  written permission of Deusty, LLC.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

## FlickrKit

{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red51\green51\blue51;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww18720\viewh10740\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 **David Casserly / DevedUp Ltd Source Code License**\
\
Last updated: 12th June 2013\
\
Firstly, thanks to Matt Gemmel for producing this file.\
\
Thanks for downloading some of our source code!\
\
This is the license agreement for the source code which this document accompanies (don\'92t worry: you\'92re allowed to use it in your own products, commercial or otherwise).\
\
The full license text is further down this page, and you should only use the source code if you agree to the terms in that text. For convenience, though, we\'92ve put together a human-readable **non-authoritative** interpretation of the license which will hopefully answer any questions you have.\
\
<span style="color:green">Green</span> text shows <span style="color:green">what you can do with the code</span>.\
\
<span style="color:red">Red</span> text means <span style="color:red">restrictions you must abide by</span>.\
\
Basically, the license says that:\
\
1. You can <span style="color:green">use the code in your own products, including commercial and/or closed-source products</span>.\
2. You can <span style="color:green">modify the code</span> as you wish, and <span style="color:green">use the modified code in your products</span>.\
3. You can <span style="color:green">redistribute the original, unmodified code</span>, but you <span style="color:red">have to include the full license text below</span>.\
4. You can <span style="color:green">redistribute the modified code</span> as you wish (<span style="color:red">without the full license text below**).\
5. In all cases, you <span style="color:red">must include a credit mentioning David Casserly</span> as the original author of the source.\
6. David Casserly is not liable for anything you do with the code, no matter what. So be sensible.\
7. You <span style="color:red">can\'92t use the name David Casserly, the name DevedUp Ltd, the DevedUp Ltd logo or any other related marks to promote your products</span> based on the code.\
8. If you agree to all of that, go ahead and use the source. Otherwise, don\'92t!\
\
**Suggested Attribution Format**\
\
The license requires that you give credit to David Casserly, as the original author of any of our source that you use. The placement and format of the credit is up to you, but we prefer the credit to be in the software\'92s \'93About\'94 window. Alternatively, you could put the credit in a list of acknowledgements within the software, in the software\'92s documentation, or on the web page for the software. The suggested format for the attribution is:\
\
**Includes &lt;Name of Code&gt; code by **[**David Casserly**](http://www.devedup.com)**, DevedUp Ltd.**\
\
where &lt;Name of Code&gt; would be replaced by the name of the specific source-code package you made use of. Where possible, please link the text \'93David Casserly\'94 to the following URL, or include the URL as plain text: [http://www.devedup.com](http://mattgemmell.com/)\
\
**Full Source Code License Text**\
\
Below you can find the actual text of the license agreement.\
\
**License Agreement for Source Code provided by David Casserly**\
\
This software is supplied to you by David Casserly in consideration of your agreement to the following terms, and your use, installation, modification or redistribution of this software constitutes acceptance of these terms. If you do not agree with these terms, please do not use, install, modify or redistribute this software.\
\
In consideration of your agreement to abide by the following terms, and subject to these terms, David Casserly grants you a personal, non-exclusive license, to use, reproduce, modify and redistribute the software, with or without modifications, in source and/or binary forms; provided that if you redistribute the software in its entirety and without modifications, you must retain this notice and the following text and disclaimers in all such redistributions of the software, and that in all cases attribution of David Casserly as the original author of the source code shall be included in all such resulting software products or distributions.  \
\
Neither the name, trademarks, service marks or logos of David Casserly or DevedUp Ltd may be used to endorse or promote products derived from the software without specific prior written permission from David Casserly. Except as expressly stated in this notice, no other rights or licenses, express or implied, are granted by David Casserly herein, including but not limited to any patent rights that may be infringed by your derivative works or by other works in which the software may be incorporated.\
\
The software is provided by David Casserly on an "AS IS" basis. DAVID CASSERLY AND DEVEDUP LTD MAKE NO WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, REGARDING THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE AND OPERATION ALONE OR IN COMBINATION WITH YOUR PRODUCTS.\
\
IN NO EVENT SHALL DAVID CASSERLY OR DEVEDUP LTD BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE, REPRODUCTION, MODIFICATION AND/OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE SOFTWARE, HOWEVER CAUSED AND WHETHER UNDER THEORY OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF DAVID CASSERLY OR DEVEDUP LTD HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.}

## GoogleAnalytics-iOS-SDK

Copyright 2009 - 2015 Google, Inc. All rights reserved.

## HPPhotoProvider

Copyright (c) 2014 Hewlett-Packard <support@hp.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## MobilePrintSDK

Copyright (c) 2015 HP Inc. <print-sdk@hp.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## TTTAttributedLabel

Copyright (c) 2011 Mattt Thompson (http://mattt.me/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.


## UrbanAirship-iOS-SDK

/*
 Copyright 2009-2017 Urban Airship Inc. All rights reserved.
 
 Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
 modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 
 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
 list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 
 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
 this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
 and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 
 THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE URBAN AIRSHIP INC ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR
 IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
 MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO
 EVENT SHALL URBAN AIRSHIP INC OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
 INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
 BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
 DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
 LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
 OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
 ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
 */

Generated by CocoaPods - https://cocoapods.org
